Hi everyone.
So we've seen how to create a data frame object from the dot CSP file.
And we've seen what other attributes and a you can apply on top of it.
So we have already imported this particular ideal dart data not CSP file and I just pasted the same
code.
So let me just display first few records.
So I'm just going to display do course here.
So we'll total 15 columns that are relevant.
Now let's say if you want to add some new column how we do it.
So let let us take a example let's say these are all fictitious one column we are going to pay.
It has no meaning or it doesn't make any sense to add it but just to give you technical detail how you
could add it all up like a human being here only.
So we are going to add one column like that say the name will be kind of spaces.
OK.
And we can just simply assign like all other human being.
Now what happens here.
That it will create a brand new different column and it will assign for every single record the human
meat kind of story.
So let me just it.
And if I just paint it again
like two records let's say let me just do it.
Goes so you can see at the end the kind of spaces that human beings all are human.
You can see about every single record has been added with a new column like kind of Scorsese's human
meat let's say a somewhat more meaningful one want to make.
So we have a first column available like a each and that is a digital 64 bit type of column.
So all those numbers are available inside this H column model pages in years.
Now let's say if you want to make another column where it is will be a months so we can just create
another column let's say
age and just like a each in once.
Okay.
And let me this assign it our original column like a b f each.
Now how to grab this particular column.
We are going to see somewhat in a more detail in the next video that how you can select one particular
column.
Order more than one particular column.
So I'm just going to select as each column and multiply every single value in this particular age of
my twins.
And I'm just going to assign it with our newly created column Laker in a month.
So let me just execute it.
OK then let's just display as food and course.
So let's say two records you are two displayed.
OK.
So now you can see the viola another column has been created like a page in a month so text 9 8 has
been translated to for 68 months for these.
It has been translated to 600 months.
So this way you can create a new column.
So first we all created a new column in video assign to completely constant string.
And in the next video created a new column and we'll drive the value of that new column from the already
existing column.
Now if you will just look at the if not saved you can see earlier we have a 15 column now v over 17
column because two newly added column V O I need with some sort of logic and computation.
OK see you in the next video.